Machines configuration docs (#2071)
kyma-project/kyma-environment-broker: docs/contributor/03-70-machines-configuration.md

# Machine Types Configuration

Most of Kyma plans require specifying a machine type in the request body as one of the provisioning parameters. The machine types configuration allows you to control which machine types are available for the Kyma plan and how they are displayed in the UI.

## Allowed Machine Types

> The `plansConfiguration` property contains a list of plans. Every plan has a machine types configuration. Each plan have a `regularMachines` list containing a list of available values for `machineType` parameter. The `additionalMachines` list contains machines which are available only in `additionalWorkerNodePools`, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `plansConfiguration` property contains a list of plans. Every plan has a machine types configuration. Each plan has a `regularMachines` list containing a list of available values for the **machineType** parameter. The **additionalMachines** list contains machines which are available only in additional worker node pools, for example:
```

```yaml
plansConfiguration:
  aws:
    regularMachines:
        - Standard_D2s_v5
        - Standard_D4s_v5
    additionalMachines:
        - Standard_D8s_v5
        - Standard_D16s_v5
```

> The above configuration means that the `Standard_D2s_v5` and `Standard_D4s_v5` machine types are available for the `machineType` parameter. The `additionalWorkerNodePool` could use the following machine types: `Standard_D2s_v5`, `Standard_D4s_v5`, `Standard_D8s_v5`, `Standard_D16s_v5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above configuration means that the `Standard_D2s_v5` and `Standard_D4s_v5` machine types are available for the **machineType** parameter. The additional worker node pool can use the following machine types: `Standard_D2s_v5`, `Standard_D4s_v5`, `Standard_D8s_v5`, `Standard_D16s_v5`.
```
